Why is alcohol allergy so serious?
How can we do this?
Not the good daughter you caught
What are your hands doing now?
The engagement starts in an hour
By the way, it's warm
Replace the girl first
Finish the engagement party
I don't understand. It's an alcohol allergy
You go and drink for him at home
I'm not going, don't forget what you did yesterday
Little bitch, so what if I did it
Don't you forget that you don't deserve to die?
It's still lying inside.
If you don't listen to me
What is possible now?
I'm asking you one last time
To go or not to go?
Go
warm
Our Mu family treats you badly
When this is over
You can schedule a specialist consultation with your mother
But this thing has to rot in my stomach
If it leaks out, let the Lu family know
Is to know the consequences
Ok I promise you
Give a fan a thicker one.